We know love well.
You know the rules,
just like I do.
What I have in mind
is a real commitment.
No other guy would give you so much. I
just want to tell you how I feel. I
need you to understand. I'll
never abandon you. I'll never let you down. I'll never cheat on you
or leave you. I'll
never make you cry. I'll never
say goodbye. I'll never
lie to you or hurt you.
We've known each other for so long now.
Your heart is hurting,
but you don't want to admit it.
Deep down, we both know
what's going on.
We know the game,
and we're going to play it.
And if you ask me how I feel,
don't tell me you're blind to the truth. I'll never abandon you. I'll never let you down. I'll never cheat on you
or leave you. I'll never make you
cry. I'll never
say goodbye. I'll never lie to you or hurt you. I'll never abandon you. I'll never let you down. I'll
never cheat on you or leave you. I'll never make you
cry. I'll never
say goodbye. I'll never lie to you
or hurt you.
(Ooh, I never will)
(Ooh, I never will) I'll never abandon
you, I'll never abandon you
(I never will)  I'll
never leave you, I'll
never leave you
(I never will)
We've known each other for so long now
Your heart is hurting,
but you don't want to admit it Deep down
, we both know
what's going on We know
the game
and we're going to play it I
just want to tell you how I feel I
need you to understand I'll
never leave you I'll never let you down I'll never cheat on you or leave you I'll never make you
cry I'll never say goodbye I'll never lie to you or hurt you I'll never leave you I'll never let you down I'll never lie to you or hurt you I'll never make you
cry I'll never say goodbye I'll never lie to you or hurt you I'll never leave you I'll never let you down I'll never cheat on you or leave you I'll
never make you cry I'll
never say goodbye I'll
never lie to you or hurt you